Deprecate `collections` module (#3686)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

* A new function called `qml.evolve` has been added that returns the evolution of an operator or a `ParametrizedHamiltonian`.
  [(#3617)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3617)

> * A new function called `qml.dot` has been added to compute the dot product between a vector and a list of operators.

Reviewer: Maybe worth updating the phrasing, since `qml.dot` isn't new.

> * A new function called `qml.dot` has been added to compute the dot product between a vector and a list of operators.

Author: ```suggestion
* A new function `dot` has been added to compute the dot product between a vector and a list of operators. `qml.dot` will now target this new function.
```

  Please provide a seed to each individual function instead if you want controllable results.
  [(#3624)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3624)

* `qml.dot` no longer corresponds to the function in `pennylane/collections/dot.py`. It now
  redirects to the function `pennylane/ops/functions/dot.py` instead.
  [(#3686)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3686)

> 

Reviewer: Do we need to go through a deprecation cycle. For example, `qml.dot` dispatches to `pennylane/collections/dot.py` if input arguments are of the right type, *but* raises a deprecation warning when doing so.

Otherwise, `qml.dot` dispatches to our new dot function.

Author: Good point! We can definitely do that 👍
